Documentation~/connect-share.md, before:

### **_Package Connect Share_**

Use the package connect share to upload and share your webgl game on connect.

### Pre-requisites
The Package Connect Share requires the UIWidgets 1.0.0 or later.

### Installation
To add the Package Connect Share to your project, please use the Package Manager UI to install the latest version of the package.

## Share Webgl Game
As shown below, once the connect share package is installed in your project, you can see a new sub menu `Share Webgl Game` on the menu bar Window.

![Share Webgl Game](images/webgl-menu.png)

 Click the `Share Webgl Game` menu option to initiate the upload and share process.Following screens will appear acording to your login and build status.
 - The package will check if you are logged in, if not it will ask you to login.
 - The package will check if you have built the webgl game, if not it will guide you to build the game.
 - Then you can update the project title and upload an thumbnail for the project.
 - After those steps you just need to click the upload button and wait for the game's webpage link.


 ![form](images/webgl-form.png)
 ![uploding](images/webgl-uploading.png)
 ![processing](images/webgl-processing.png)
 ![results](images/webgl-result.png)
 ![project on connect](images/webgl-result-connect.png)

# Technical details

## Requirements

This version of Connect Share is compatible with the following versions of the Unity Editor:

* 2018.3 and later (recomsmended)

Commit message:

com.unity.connect.share@1.2.0-preview.1 ## [1.2.0] - 2020-03-19 ### Changed - Converted the package to use UIElements for the UI, dropping the UIWidgets dependency completely. ### Added - The window reacts on the user's login and logout dynamically. - Build output directory is now remembered even if the window is closed or the project is restarted. Therefore, no new build is needed if the project is restarted without any changes. - "Finish" button to go from the Success state to the Upload state. - Editor Coroutines package as a dependency. ### Fixed - All the states that have a thumbnail image now display the last valid thumbnail. - User is now redirected to the Login state if the user signs out and then switches to another state. - The name of the project is now remembered if you encounter an error while selecting the thumbnail. - The game title was not set in certain cases. - When the window is closed, the system stops checking if the user is logged in.
## [1.1.0] - 2020-03-16
### Changed
 - Raised the required Unity version to 2019.3.
### Fixed
- Null reference exception when `applicationIdentifier` not set in `ProjectSettings.asset`. Use `productName` as a fallback.

Documentation~/connect-share.md, after:

### **_Share WebGL Game_**

Use this package to upload and share your WebGL game on Unity Connect.

### Installation
To add this package your project, go to _Window_ > _Package Manager_ and install the latest version of the package.

## Share WebGL Game
As shown below, once the package is installed into your project, you will find `Share WebGL Game` menu item from the _ Window_ menu.

![Share Webgl Game](images/webgl-menu.png)

 Click the `Share WebGL Game` menu item to initiate the upload and share process. The following screens will appear acording to your login and build status.
 - The package will check if you are logged in, if not it will ask you to login.
 - The package will check if you have built the webgl game, if not it will guide you to build the game.
 - Then you can update the project title and upload an thumbnail for the project.
 - After those steps you just need to click the upload button and wait for the game's webpage link.


 ![form](images/webgl-form.png)
 ![uploding](images/webgl-uploading.png)
 ![processing](images/webgl-processing.png)
 ![results](images/webgl-result.png)
 ![project on connect](images/webgl-result-connect.png)

# Technical details

## Requirements

This version of Share WebGL Game is compatible with the following versions of the Unity Editor:

* 2019.3 and later
